[Tarao] Of course there's an outside
beyond here.
We don't know
where the teachers-only doors go,
or where the cafeteria servers
disappear to,
or what's inside those big vents.
So at the very least, all of those spaces
could be considered outside.
[Tokio] I just wonder why Mimihime
would wanna go outside at all?
Do you like Mimihime or something?
Well, yeah. Of course I do.
Oh, I see.
[grunts]
-Hey! Are you okay?
-[groaning]
[Tarao groans]
I'm gonna go back to my room.
-Want a hand?
-No. I'll use autopilot.
Don't worry about it.
[both moaning]
[gasps]
[both gasp]
[both giggling]
-[groans]
-[giggling continues]
-[Kuku giggles]
-[Tokio gasps]
[Kuku laughs]
-Lick it.
-[Tokio] Kuku, that drawing!
Yeah, Kona said I could have it.
Pretty neat, huh?
Give me that!
Why should I, you big meanie?
He gave it to me.
Because he promised that
he would give it to me when he was done.
You get all of Kona's drawings.
You're being greedy.
You don't want Kuku to have any! Not one!
-[Tokio] No, you're right.
-Uh?
Keep it. I'm sorry.
[Tokio strains, pants]
[gasps, groans]
What the heck? I was just sitting there.
[Tokio] Why did you give that fish
to Kuku?
You promised that one would be mine.
I'll draw the next one for you, okay?
[gasps] Really?
[Tokio] Okay.
I like the things you imagine.
[Mimihime] Geez.
All that 'cause Kuku got one picture.
You're such a crybaby.
-[water running]
-[faucet squeaks]
[sighs]
-[cell phone chimes]
-Huh?
A picture from Mimihime?
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
[chuckles]
[Kiruko breathing heavily]
[gasps, panting]
[groans] I'm drenched.
-[tapping on window]
-[gasps]
[tapping continues]
[gunshot]
[Kiruko gasps]
[pants] Man-eater's here. Maru!
Wake up, dude.
[strains] She locked us in.
Let's go out through the bathroom.
[groans]
-[Kiruko] Here drink.
-Huh?
She slipped us some kind of drug
to knock us out.
Guess she didn't want us awake for this.
[gasps]
[innkeeper] It's dangerous out here.
Get back inside!
[Kiruko] It's okay.
I told you we can kill these things.
-[thuds, whooshing]
-[innkeeper gasps]
How's the Kiru-Beam?
Locked and loaded.
[whooshing]
-[Kiruko] There!
-[Maru] Let's go!
[thuds]
-[Maru yelps]
-[gasps]
I'm good. Just tripped.
[sighs]
[mysterious whooshing]
-[gasps]
-[both grunt]
-[Maru] How did it--
-[Kiruko] I don't know.
Try throwing something.
[straining] Okay!
-[clattering]
-[gasps] Was that a sound wave?
Negative. At least I don't think it was.
Look. You can see something flickering.
[cracking]
It's got whips
or something going out of it.
[both panting]
Did you see what I'm talking about?
There are three on each arm.
If you can take them out,
then I can get up close.
[Kiruko] Three each?
I wanted to cut the wings.
Do I have enough bullets?
No. Three and three is six.
You're way short.
That was rhetorical.
[Maru gasps] Wait.
Where'd it go? [gasps]
Hey! This way!
[innkeeper gasps]
You see that?
I hit an arm and a wing at the same time!
[Maru] All right. Sniper.
The gun's range is longer than the whips.
So if I can get a little closer, I think
I should be able to hit the other arm.
Then you're up. Sound good?
Yeah.
Here goes nothing.
Remember, you could lose an arm
if you're not careful. So…
I was trying not to think about that,
so thank you.
-[rustling]
-[gasps]
[heavy footsteps approaching]
[breathes shakily]
-Got you now!
-[shrieks]
[Maru] The manager?
Run! Get out of here!
-[gun clicks]
-[innkeeper gasps]
Don't hurt him! This monster is my son.
[Kiruko] You mean
your son was eaten by that thing?
No! I mean Yuto went inside of it!
[crying] And then it became Yuto!
[Kiruko] I see.
You think he's still in there
because Man-eaters absorb their prey.
I was almost eaten by one,
so I know what it looks like.
And why you'd wanna drug us to protect it.
But I'm sorry.
I don't think the ones who are eaten
get to take over the bodies.
But you can't know that! You can't know.
Yuto protects me.
One time he rescued me
when some guys tried to rough me up.
[Kiruko sighs]
-Okay then.
-[gasps]
You sure?
If it's not a threat,
there's no reason to kill it.
And this thing's outta power now anyway,
so…
[innkeeper sighs]
Yuto, did you hear that? They understand.
I'm safe.
We're safe.
[Kiruko] Wow. They can still communicate?
It's okay. See?
[gasps]
[Maru grunts]
[sighs]
[groans] Shit!
-[Kiruko] Did you see that?
-Huh?
[Kiruko] It had to to pause
and retract the whip between attacks.
It'd be a pretty good opening for us.
How can you think like that?
Someone just died!
[Kiruko] And if I don't, we'll die too.
-[gasps]
-[Maru] Sorry.
I can handle it from here.
[whips cracking]
[Maru grunts]
[Maru grunting]
[groans]
I'm in!
-[Maru grunting]
-[screeches]
[thuds]
[Maru] I wonder why the Hiruko didn't
attack the innkeeper until yesterday?
[Kiruko] Maybe part of her kid
really was in there somewhere.
Or maybe it relied on her.
Kept her alive by pure instinct.
Because it knew
that prey would gather around here?
That, or she was actively
feeding her guests to her son all along.
[Maru groans]
[Kiruko] Never mind.
Doesn't matter now anyway.
The truth can stay hidden.
Besides, we have enough on our plate.
Looking for Heaven and all.
Oh, hold up. Batteries.
I thought you donated those
to the inn yesterday.
-[chuckles, laughing]
-[groans]
Hey, what do I look like, a dog?
[Maru] Hey, Sis,
have you ever been on a moving train?
[Kiruko] I was like three
during the Great Disaster.
I wouldn't be able to remember
even if I had.
Nuh-uh. If you're 20 now,
you would have been five, right?
-Uh, what the heck?
-[spits]
-Why are you drinking dirt water?
-[coughs]
Relax man, I'm just rinsing my mouth out.
But it does taste pretty clean.
[chuckles] I'm glad it's so clear today.
Perfect sailing weather.
-[thuds]
-Okay.
Let's do this.
[groans] Yikes!
-That's not quite as sturdy as I wanted.
-[creaks]
[yelps] Don't stomp. Gently!
Think like a feather.
[Maru] I don't think that's gonna help.
This rules!
I can't believe we got this to work.
Now, if those old guys
were telling the truth,
Tomato Heaven ought to be straight ahead.
[sighs] Kind of late to ask,
but there aren't any sharks or crocodiles
in here, right?
-I guess.
-[Maru] You guess?
You know the only things I can kill
are Hiruko, right?
So if we become croc chow whilst
we're out here defenseless, I blame you.
Right. But I'll think of something
before it finishes eating you.
Aren't you a bodyguard?
Make a plan in advance!
But you know what?
If I was a crocodile, I'd eat you first.
[both panting]
Okay, what do you think of this plan,
then?
We row all out
till we get to the opposite bank,
and in the meantime we can just pray that
we make it out with all our limbs intact!
[Mimihime] Sorry, sorry.
[Tokio] It's okay. I'll go get it.
Ugh.
A teachers-only door.
What if there is something else
back there?
Sorry, I just wanted to get our ball back.
[robotic voice] That's all right.
You may collect it.
[thuds]
[student] Aha, there it is.
And you stick it there.
[Anzu] Are you sure about this?
It looks dangerous.
[laughs] It'll be fine.
These little babies can stick
to just about anything. Trust me.
[sighs] You're gonna
get in so much trouble.
Worth it either way.
Because after all, this is for science!
[devices beep]
Oh? Oh!
Wow!
[student 2] Awesome!
[Anzu] He's so high up already.
Just a little farther
and I'll be able to reach the top.
-[machines beep]
-Whoa! Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no!
[grunts]
[groaning] Ow.
[both gasp]
Uh-- Eh?
[student 2] Taka fell so hard
it made Shiro start bleeding!
[all laugh]
-Is something wrong?
-Hmm.
I just feel like
something else is about to fall.
[Kiruko] If this is supposed to be Heaven,
I gotta say,
I don't think it's for me.
But you don't know what your Heaven
is supposed to look like,
or even what you're gonna do
when you get there, right?
Right.
Well, my job doesn't end
until you're satisfied.
And I won't just dump you.
I wanna do everything I can to help.
So if there's anything you haven't told
me yet, now might be the time.
I guess the only thing I'm hiding is…
[zipper opens]
This.
That's a syringe full of medicine,
and a needle.
Apparently it's for some guy
who looks exactly like me.
I'm supposed to inject him with that drug
as soon as I find him.
Whoever he is, I think he's in this
"Heaven" place that we're looking for.
And after that?
Beats me. It'll cure his sickness?
I was actually told it would
help everyone, but I wasn't told how.
And apart from that,
I don't know any more than you do.
Did Mikura say anything to you?
You are the last person who saw her.
Before she-- You know.
[Mikura exhales] Pull it back.
[gasps]
[Mikura] Take the gun.
Protect Maru.
[Kiruko] I will. Where should I take him?
Heaven.
[Kiruko] No. Just that I had
to take you to Heaven.
[villager] Hey there! Like the view?
[Kiruko] Oh. Hello.
You kids don't strike me
as the marauding bandit type.
Are you two from around here?
Not at all.
We actually walked all the way from Tokyo.
[villager 2] And you just
stumbled across us?
No. Someone kinda gave us directions.
They said this place was like heaven?
Oh, you've heard of us. Good!
-[villager] That mean you wanna move in?
-Well, he might, depending.
That's wonderful.
We should take them over
to meet the leader.
[villager 3] Can do. Come on in.
[children laugh]
Come on, Taisuke!
[villager 3] If you came all the way from
Tokyo,
did you have to climb down the fault?
[Maru] Oh, you mean that giant cliff?
Yeah.
Not the most relaxing hike. And we
built a raft to cross the rest of the way.
[villager 3 laughs]
You kids are brave!
Those waters are lousy
with salt water crocs.
[both] Uh--
There were crocs in there! I told you so!
You didn't get eaten, did you?
So who cares?
[villager 3 laughs]
I'm Kusakabe. I oversee this village.
-And this is my wife, Momoko.
-[Momoko giggles]
Welcome. Our little ragtag commune
is delighted to have you.
I'm sure you've seen folks
out there who still cling to the past,
and dream of reviving society
as we knew it.
But folks who get sick of all that mess
tend to wind up here.
They can breathe
and live off the fruits of the earth.
Our lives are simple, but they're joyful.
[Kusakabe] At first, it was just my father
and a few others.
But before we knew it,
we'd become the family you see today.
Whoa.
-That's so cool.
-[Kiruko] Hmm?
We came this way
looking for Tomato Heaven.
Are we in the right place?
Ah!
Tomatoes were the very first crop
we grew here.
But nowadays, we can grow
just about anything you can imagine.
[chattering]
[Maru] I gotta say, I like Tomato Heaven.
Yeah, I'm really impressed with
the size of their operation here.
And they're nice enough to feed us,
but it still feels kind of warped to me.
[Maru slurps]
Well, you probably know best.
Geez, think critically much?
This place was worth a shot,
but if no-one's recognized your face,
I guess your look-alike isn't here.
[gasps] Hey, that's right.
Why didn't I even think of that?
You're kidding.
You mean that never
once crossed your tiny little mind?
Oh! I know that face!
It's really you!
-Kiriko Takehaya!
-Huh?
The electro-kart racer!
Nope. You're mistaken.
No, I'd recognize you anywhere.
I was a huge fan.
Look! I still have your photo.
I remember your disappearance like
it was yesterday, even though it's been…
five years? I was so worried.
There were rumors flying around
that you lost it
after you hit and killed your brother
during a race,
but I never believed any of--
[Maru] Hey!
She doesn't look anything like--
Huh.
Okay, so they do look alike.
But that's not her.
-But they even sound the same--
-I said you got the wrong person!
Right. I'm sorry.
Huh? Hey, wait!
-Huh?
-I thought I saw…
[Maru] Boom! Sis, check it out.
Uh--
Am I supposed to recognize this, or--
Yeah, dude! Look, here--
[Maru groans]
Boundaries, buddy.
Don't go around groping people's legs.
Chill out. It's on your gun.
Oh.
Uh--
Hey, where did this box come from?
[villager] Hard to say.
We take vegetables over to Tokyo
by boat all the time,
and we do a lot of trading
while we're there, so,
we wind up with boxes
from all over the place.
[Maru] Wait, you can get to Tokyo by boat?
That's cool.
[Kiruko] If we look into this symbol,
we might find
some kind of connection to you, Maru.
At the very least, we might find out where
this gun came from.
Hey, electro-kart fan.
Do you know where we could find a place
called "Heaven"?
-Here, of course.
-Yeah, other than here?
[chuckles]
Well, back in Kiriko Takehaya's day,
it'd be Asakusa.
Huh?
That'll do. Thanks sir.
You've been very helpful.
If we can't get any more useful info
by tomorrow night,
I say we get on the boat back to Tokyo.
Sure.
Japan is so much bigger
than I would have imagined.
And at the rate we're going,
it'll take forever to find Heaven.
I hate to turn around after
we've come all this way,
but I'd like to dig into your
background a bit.
That might help.
[waves lapping]
Maru, I found some potatoes!
Yo, you want one? I'm guessing
they didn't count them or anything.
Hey, you good? Seasick?
Forget about Heaven.
We're not gonna find it.
I'd rather go back
and live on the farm with you.
[Kiruko chuckles] I'll pass, thanks.
Farming all day and getting high all night
isn't exactly my idea of a good life.
They just look like a bunch of idiots
playing in the dirt to me.
We don't have to do that.
I mean, like--
I can help you with your business.
Look-- I really like you, okay?
-What?
-[grunts]
[Kiruko stammers]
No! Confessing in a place
where neither of us can escape
is a really terrible idea! You know that?
I'm being serious! I want a real answer.
[Kiruko screams] Wait! Get off of me!
Forcing is bad!
That was dumb. I am so sorry!
It's cool. I'm flattered.
But, uh, I'm gonna tell you something.
Okay?
And it's gonna sound crazy, but it's true.
So please, try to understand,
'cause I'm not trying to weird you out.
I, uh-- I know I have the body of a woman,
but in here,
my mind and everything, is a man's.
So, yeah. Um, I'm a man.
[Maru] Huh?